Halo 3 takes place in Eastern Africa where we find ourselves, 'The Master Chief' one of the many surgically enhanced supersoldiers known as 'Spartan', we must fight alongside the 'Elite' to stop an alien invasion on our planet. Halo 3 is an action packed game with a breath taking campaign story which pulls you in the entire way through with many collectibles and easter eggs hidden along the way. An incredible multiplayer like no other with a forge mode that allows you to build your own levels to your hearts content and share and play your levels with your friends it allows for many years of memories and great times, a classic in terms of legacy consoles and a masterpiece by no stretch of the imagination with a brilliant score by Martin O'Donnell and Michael Salvatori.
The world is beautifully crafted and the story is engaging in this game made by Rockstar Games, with breathtaking graphics and an equally breathtaking soundtrack its clear so much care and attention to detail went into this game and its replayability is very high with its huge sandbox environment and large game engine with random situations and encounters around every corner not only that but with the addition of a great multiplayer you cannot go wrong with you and your friends picking up a copy and riding horses together like a bunch of cowboys. Only downside is the use of rope is still only allowed on singleplayer but that can be forgived.
Portal 2 is a puzzle platformer game which has the ingenius mechanic of portals, you as the player can place portals between two points anywhere on each level which allows you to directly walk between them or pass objects or fluid in order to solve this huge array of puzzles in portal 2 with not only great puzzles but which builds on a very tense and dramatic story Portal 2 is not a game you want to miss, it comes with cooperative play with an entirely seperate storyline for friends and family to play together. Utilising the source engine for a great gameplay experience and with high quality models and textures its an all round fun game.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild for the Nintendo Switch is often being hailed as the main reason for the console selling as well as it has done. With a great open world this game feels like no other Zelda we have seen so far, a physics engine that will supply you with days of fun and endless crafting and creating new things and finding new weapons and armour out in the open world gives the player for the first time an incredible feeling of endlessness playing a Zelda Game. Truly a great installment to the franchise with plenty to offer if you have already bought the Nintendo Switch.
To me, the Elder Scrolls is the pinaccle of the Fantasy-RPG genre, and Bethesda has done such a fantastic job with each entry, but this one really takes the cake. I have forged countless memories in the world of Skyrim. the setting and storyline are amazing and the different quests and scenarios are deep and well thought through. The different factions and side missions such as the theives guild and the companions were fun, exciting and captivating. All DLCs added more and more hours of fun and added to the game greatly. The ease of downloading mods for this game was also perfect and everything ran smooth. There are so many missions and add ons for this game that it has probably over a thousand hours of gameplay without even completing the main quest.
Overwatch is a fast paced fun game made by the people who brought us World of Warcraft and Starcraft, Blizzard have created a great esports game with plenty of content being pumped out constantly and new skins and maps to keep the community alive and very active online. Overwatch is very much in the style of Team Fortress 2 a classic multiplayer game where each character picks a role that aids the team such as tank/healer/damage and the aim is to build the most capable and well rounded team to win the match by either capturing points or pushing payloads to there desired destination. This makes for a very fun game at a reasonable price. Highly recommended.
Fable II is a game every gamer should play, in the golden age of Peter Molyneux Fable II teaches us an RPG can actually have a solid set of storyline and action but not forgetting that the main part of roleplaying is the characters personal life allowing you to build and cater your own personal life in the game anyway you want allowing you to marry and have kids, live wherever you want through unlockables throughout the game and once the story is over the game can carry on with tonnes of extra content this is a well rounded game with great graphics for 2008 and a highly interesting story all though it can be said it leaves more to be desired.
Destiny is an online multiplayer game the first of its kind for consoles with an FPS Online Multiplayer actually working as Bungie yet again shows off its magic. Destiny takes place on many different planets with a huge network of story and lore although its very easy for players to actually not understand the story seeing as most of it is found in grimoire cards which are a collectible in game. With a story system that could be improved what Bungie have done very well is the multiplayer aspect where you are randomly matched up with players around the world in groups as you move around the "open-world" this is the best system available for MMO's on console and it can be said it works well sometimes and other times it can leave you frustrated and alone.
Borderlands 2 delivers us crazy characters, huge creatures, massive missions and almost infinite loot for you to find. Borderlands 2 improves on Borderlands shortcomings with this vibrant planet, heavily populated with all sorts of life and quests to explore. Borderlands 2 provides us with a lengthy adventure with the addition co-op its one you can play with friends with just improves on the experience 10x overall its a great game thats highly recommended for the campaign and for just exploring and seeing what crazy random weapons you can find out there in the wasteland. Enjoy spending hours and hours of your free time.
Titanfall is a crazy quick paced multiplayer which its clear the new Call of Duty games tried to capitalize on after seeing the impressive success of Titanfall and how much people enjoy the wall running jetpacking titan falling craziness that it supplies. Titanfall is a very fun game especially with friends although it does lack a campaign which can help you make the argument of not paying the full price for this half of a game, I would wait until sales come round before picking it up but when you do pick it up enjoy wasting away your days with crazy huge titan battles and quick paced assassin style combat.
Firewatch is a single player story game. A first person journey through the eyes of Henry, a man who's life has been hit hard with emotional toil and has now moved out into the wilderness to become a fire lookout at Shoshone National Forest and to use this time to write his book. It chronicles the paranoid and all consuming mystery throughout with a great sense of dread with the occassional beautiful snapshot moment Firewatch is a great game to consume your time with. Highly recommended.